>> Will Sentance: So
let's actually come to that problem.
After one round of change to
the multipliers, our accuracy got better.
There's our weights and multipliers
after one round of improvement,
our accuracy improved.
We've got Smile 1, Smile -1 is the output,
-1, and up 3, uh-oh.
But we're in the right direction.
So keep tweaking until we have a fit.
There's actually no set of multipliers or
weights that get perfect 1 and -1 output.
Even for our tiny sample.
That fourth image, it's converted
output is growing way too fast.
Even just at the values of 1s here,
we all saw this added up to 3,
Maria showed us, but
this one is still at 1.
So this was perfect.
So we don't wanna tweak the other weights
too much more to try and get this one
down to 1, because if we do so, it's
gonna start affecting all the other ones.
>> Will Sentance: So we could do
exactly what Ben said before the break,
we could look for how positive and,
that's my little +ve,
show for positive, and
negative the converted output is.
More positive,
maybe we're more confident it's a smile.
More negative, maybe we're more
confident it's not a smile.
But how positive and
negative should be confident?
>> Will Sentance: By the way, let's remind
ourselves to be able to take a new image
of 12 pixels and generate out,
using these multipliers, a -1, a 1.
A -1 means that this is not a smile,
a 1 means that this is a smile.
But what does a 3 mean?
Does it mean we're really confident
to smile, a bit confident?
>> Speaker 2: Super smiley.
>> Will Sentance: It is super smiley,
to be fair.
It is super smiley.
Introducing sigmoid function that
is going to enable us to come
up with a set of multipliers that
actually work for this sample.
Just to stress one more time,
there is no set of multipliers.
You might be like, well,
let's bump these ones down a bit,
let's try, there's no way to
separate the data, that is,
these four in our sample into 1s and
-1s of that output.
There's no set of multipliers
that will do that.
We need to add non-linearity,
we need to add a sigmoid function
that enables us to have a set of
multipliers, set of weights, that work for
our sample in its completeness,
not just for three out of four of them.
Now we look really fancy with our
math with the sigmoid function.
The sigmoid function, a function takes in
an input and converts it into some output.
So, a multiply by 2 function
takes in the number 7.
And, Paul,
what's the output of the multiply by
2 function if the number input is 7?
>> Paul: 14?
>> Will Sentance: 14, spot on.
Sigmoid function takes in a number,
and for all positive numbers,
it outputs something between 0.5 and 1.
Which is to say, between 50% and 100%.
100% is the number 1,
and 0% is the number 0.
So the sigmoid function takes in
all possible positive numbers up to
infinity and
returns out something between half and 1.
That is to say,
something between 50% and 100%.
There it is.
At 5 already, it's really, really,
climb fast, at 5, it's already at 99%.
It's outputs already 99%.
At a billion input,
sigmoid functions output is
99.999999%, doesn't reach 100% ever.
Well, with infinity it might.
At 0, it's a 50%.
So all positive numbers, the output,
is greater than 50% more certain.
All negative numbers,
its output is less than 50%, less certain.
By -5, it's reached 1%.
By negative a billion, it's reached
no point, or 00 point, 0000001%.
But still never reaches 0%.
Yeah, Ben, go ahead.
>> Ben: Just to clarify, you said then,
at a 0 value, our confidence is 50%?
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
in this case, exactly.
Sigmoid function allows us to
find multipliers that get us
a decent conversion by moving
us off the dependence on,
it better be 1 cuz the output is 1.
Getting closer to Ben's idea, let's have
more positive be just more confident.
Yeah, but how positive?
3 or 100?
Sigmoid says, don't worry, if your number
is greater than 5, it'll be about 99%.
If your number is 3, it'll be about 95%.
If your number is greater than 2,
it'll be about 90%.
If your number is less than -2, it'll
convert to, well, let's draw it up a bit.
Let's make sure we have, I guess we
can probably squeeze it in here.
This is a bit naughty to get in
the way of our converter, but
let's just draw it in here a bit.
Yep, there we go.
There we go, beautiful.
So, there it is.
So it's input, let's try a few.
So this is a symbol you use for
it, and you input, let's say, 1.
Sigma 1, its output, anyone know?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Will Sentance: It's very
quickly climbing to 73%.
Sigma 0, its output is,
do you remember, Ben?
>> Ben: 50%.
>> Will Sentance: 50%, at 1,
it's already up to 73%.
At -1, Jamie, fan of symmetry,
what do you think n-1s output will be?
>> Jamie: Minus the delta times.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, exactly,
which was, so, 73% was the 1, so
what's 100% minus 73%?
27%, people,
by 2 it's already at roughly 90%.
By 3 it's at 95%.
By 5 it's at 99%.
And same in this direction, by -2 it's at,
what is that gonna be, people?
>> Speaker 7: 10%.
>> Will Sentance: 10%, what on,
by -3 it's at?
>> Speaker 7: 5%.
>> Will Sentance: 5%, sweet.
By -5 it's at?
>> Speaker 7: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1%, exactly.
Okay, it's kinda clever.
>> Will Sentance: What does it say, in
the sample, switch the labels from 1 and
-1 to, instead 100% for
smile and 0 for not, 0 for not,
and 100% for smile,
then run the sigmoid function on our
output number To get percentages.
Now the conversion
doesn't need to be exact.
Now, if we had a 2 on this one, or
anything greater than a 2 on this one,
anything greater than 2 on this one,
the total is gonna be about,
with sigmoid run on it.
Anything greater than a 2 is
gonna be what percentage?
>> Speaker 7: 90% or more.
>> Will Sentance: 90% or more.
And now this one here
is gonna be exact to -1
if we have our target instead be a 100%.
So we relabel our sample,
Smile 100% here, Smile 0 here,
Smile 0,
I've only got three of my sample here.
I need to draw the other one, don't I?
Sorry.
>> Will Sentance: Here's
the rest of our sample.
There it is.
There's the rest of our sample.
>> Will Sentance: Smile,
that's 100%, right?
Plus this one here, 100%.
So we change our label and
we target instead,
0 and 100%, or 0 and 1.
>> Will Sentance: I got 0%,
and this was 100%.
Now our target is,
>> Will Sentance: Now
our target is not 1 and -1,
because whatever we set our target for,
we're just gonna make sure we come up
with multipliers that convert to it.
But by switching to 100% and 0%,
by switching to running our output out of
our conversion through a sigmoid function.
We're able to get working multipliers
because we don't need exactly 100%,
we only need 90% or so.
We don't need exactly 0%,
we just need 7, 8 %, 9% or so.
We don't need 0%,
we only need 7%, 8% in here.
Well, let's say,
what therefore would be our target
converted output to get
roughly good enough conversion
whereas before we said
it had to be -1 to -1,
-1 to -1, 1 to 1, or 3 to 1?
That's pretty far apart.
But if we are converting these
numbers through a sigmoid function,
they're getting squashed
to be between 99% and 1%.
And almost all of them,
beyond a little bit of here,
end up being quite close to the yes or
no, the binary of 100% or 0%.
So knowing this, roughly,
and it's a bit of a,
kind of up to us, but
typically about 90% is good,
knowing that,
which number do we want, really,
this input to sigmoid that's
gonna be converted through.
In a moment, what would we like our
initial output that's gonna be run through
sigmoid, our initial total output to be,
Jamie?
What do we think, if we wanna make sure
that the output of running it through
sigmoid is close to 100%?
>> Speaker 7: 95.
>> Will Sentance: So 95 would be good,
so what would we wanna have?
>> Ben: 3.
>> Will Sentance: 3,
I'm gonna be even a bit more conservative
and just say a 2 is probably good enough,
I reckon.
And then here where we
want our output to be,
of running through sigmoid in a second,
something like 10%,
what do we want our sum of
the multipliers to be, roughly?
>> Speaker 7: -2.
>> Will Sentance: -2, exactly.
And then the same thing here, right?
Roughly, -2, and then the input of
this one, again, or less than -2.
It's less than -2, greater than 2.
I mean, once it's beyond that
it doesn't really matter.
Here, again, maybe just greater than 2.
We just want our multiplier, but
we don't care if it's greater than 2,
or if it's 10, or if it's 100.
It's all gonna come out roughly, 100%.
Whereas, when we have before the output
here being 100 and the output here being,
I don't know, 1, where our goal was 1,
that's not very good tool for prediction.
We only need to match in our sample
to the label we gave our sample.
So that we can then go into the population
and apply the same converter and
see if we get 90% out and
know that 100% is smile, we're like, okay.
But if we got out an output of 3 or
10 for one of the images we generate and,
I don't know, 1 or 2 for another,
they seem pretty far apart.
Sigmoid function squashes all big
numbers and it allows therefore,
us to have much more extreme multipliers.
Imagine here if we tried to get this one,
I don't know, down in some way,
it would have pulled
this one down too far.
We'd have to have had the weights,
there was no way of getting weights,
this one was growing too fast.
As soon as we had 1s here, we were always
gonna have, 1 + 1 + 1, adding up to 3.
And you could say, well, there's not
really any other places it could be.
We could have some weights on the eyes,
but
the eyes are the same on every
one of them, happy or sad.
So that's not gonna work.
So there was no set of weights that
successfully were gonna convert 1 to 1,
-1 to -1, -1 to- 1, and to 1.
It was gonna be too big a number.
So instead, don't panic, convert it
into and through a sigmoid function
that converts our, I don't know,
let's say we get to, I don't know,
let's say we have the output of this
one be 2 or a 3, and this one be a 5.
We would have an output through
sigmoid at 95% and 99%.
That feels all right.
Those are both roughly 100% smile found,
meaning our model as
our converter is successfully converting
to roughly 100% and roughly 100%.
It maybe 95 and 99, but
that's a heck of a lot better than 1 and,
where we're trying to target 1,
cuz I don't know what 3 is.
And so,
this is absolutely standard practice.
Especially for classification, that means
saying, does it belong to smile or not?
Where you have a binary, a yes or no,
to use the sigmoid function
to squash your output values.
That if you wanna get a fit,
it's impossible to get them
all in the right spot.
Because some of them get really big and
some of them,
to squash them all to make sure that, in
this case, our smile and our more smile.
Because it doesn't have any of the stuff
that's characteristic of not smile,
which is these bits here, right?
Are still both roughly
the same output value.
Which we'll see will be,
well, we'll see in a second.
Let's see what it gets to.